[doc] Improve documentation for concurrency settings. (#3491)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/builders/_index.md

## Local Build
Local build execution is the default execution context.

> Skaffold will use the build tools (such as Docker, Bazel, Maven or Gradle) locally installed on your machine to execute the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skaffold will use your locally-installed build tools (such as Docker, Bazel, Maven or Gradle) to execute the build.
```

**Configuration**

To configure the local execution explicitly, add build type `local` to the build section of `skaffold.yaml`

```yaml
build:
  local: {}
```

The following options can optionally be configured:

{{< schema root="LocalBuild" >}}

**Faster builds**

> If you are deploying to [local cluster]({{<relref "/docs/environment/local-cluster" >}}), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying to a [local cluster]({{<relref "/docs/environment/local-cluster" >}}), 
```

> Skaffold will default `push` to `false` to speed up builds.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should expand on this paragraph because there are a few implications.  
  - certain clusters, like minikube, kind, Docker Kubernetes, are considered as _local clusters_
  - Skaffold can usually load the images directly into a local cluster, instead of via an image registry
  - local clusters change the default for push to `false` to avoid pushing the image to the remote repository
  - this means that the same builds can fail when switching the kube context to a remote cluster.  but the speed tradeoff is worth it.

And maybe _Faster builds_ isn't the right section heading either.

Author: I'm happy to add some more documentation when most of this is merged :-)

> Skaffold can also build multiple artifacts in parallel, by settings a value higher than `1` to `concurrency`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skaffold can build artifacts in parallel by setting `concurrency` to a value other than `1`, and `0` means there are no limits.
```

> For local builds, this is however disabled by default since local builds could have side effects that are

Reviewer: Do you think we should mention specific builders that are believed to be safe (docker, Bazel) or that aren't safe (and the circumstances)?

```yaml
build:
  cluster: {}
```

The following options can optionally be configured:

{{< schema root="ClusterDetails" >}}

**Faster builds**

Skaffold can build multiple artifacts in parallel, by settings a value higher than `1` to `concurrency`.
For in-cluster builds, the default is to build all the artifacts in parallel. If your cluster is too

> small, you might want to reduce  the `concurrency`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
small, you might want to reduce the `concurrency`. Setting `concurrency` to `1` will cause artifacts to be built sequentially.
```
